Nuns are dedicating an open-air chapel on a spot directly directly in the path of a proposed pipeline to block it… 
.@LawrenceBJones3: "What is @TheDemocrats' message?... They have no message." 
Five key questions answered ahead of crucial Charlie Gard court ruling 
Why Rob Kardashian posted naked pictures of Blac Chyna 
Boozing Prince Harry enjoys himselfie with blonde pal as he joins revellers at Hyde Park festival… 
Tomorrow's front page: Our Charlie is still fighting and so are we #tomorrowspaperstoday 
As a paediatrician, I can tell you that the case of Charlie Gard isn’t as black and white as it seems 
Wife comes up with incredible way to tell husband she is donating kidney to him 
.@HillaryClinton Hunts For Role in Midterm Elections
On Sunday, Donald Trump Jr. said he had met with the Russian lawyer at the request of an acquaintance… 
Decomposing bodies of 3 women found at farmhouse 
Mum reveals how transformation into bodybuilder helps her care for autistic son 
Private Donations Reach $55,000 to Replace Destroyed Ten Commandments Monument 
On Saturday, Donald Trump Jr. said the meeting was primarily about adoptions and did not mention Hillary Clinton… 
Iraqi leader congratulates troops in Mosul for driving IS militants out of most of the city; fight goes on. 
Refugee babies and toddlers are sleeping rough in France 
Grammy-winning rapper @Macklemore surprised his grandmother for her 100th birthday 
Murderer who shot dead her pregnant love rival in hair salon admits she will be haunted "until the day I die"… 
.@MissDiagnosis: Activist @lsarsour Who Called For 'Jihad' Against Trump Is Using "Muslim Brotherhood Playbook"… 
"This is the secret to learning a foreign language as an adult" 
Latest T-Mobile Galaxy S8 update breaks third-party Bixby remapping apps 
Hawaii just became the first US state to support a universal basic income 
RT @DailyMail: Donald Trump Jr. was promised dirt on Hillary if he met with Russian lawyer before the election 
Bookies reveal odds on who will die in Game of Thrones season 7 
.@washingtonpost article linking @SteveScalise shooter to conservative radio host sparks online outrage 
Pictures show men wrestling with stallions before they are rounded up and groomed in centuries-old Spanish tradition 
.@David_Bossie: 'Feminists in Name Only' Are Attacking @IvankaTrump. 
China starts 200-day simulation of living on another planet 
Surgeons facing investigation after viral video shows them stopping surgery to celebrate a goal 
An incredibly rare pale tiger has been spotted in India 
.@marcorubio: Trump cyber pact with Putin like a 'Chemical Weapons Unit' with Assad 
RT @AP_Politics: GOP governors add to pressure on GOP senators over health care:
Plane forced to make emergency landing before it even left the UK - to eject rowdy passengers… 
Could the @PawSox relocate to Springfield? 
Nuns are dedicating an open-air chapel on a spot directly directly in the path of a proposed pipeline to block it… 
See the damage done to Mosul, Iraq, from the air in this drone video taken last month. Our current story here:… 
France is banning all petrol and diesel vehicles 
.@JudgeJeanine: De Blasio More Interested in Int'l 'Street Cred' Than Leading NYC
Parents could find out if baby is at risk of cot death with a simple test after huge medical breakthrough…
Brexit 'will damage Britain's influence in the world' says William Hague
Cowardly ISIS fighters who vowed to "fight to death" killed trying to flee 
Thousands flee as wildfires destroy homes in U.S. and Canada
Liberating Mosul is a major development but it's by no means the end of ISIS, says @defencechris… 
.@TomiLahren: The Left 'Seems to Want to Go to War With Russia' @JudgeJeanine 
To be a flight attendant you need to have these measurements
The Qatar crisis has nothing to do with Al Jazeera
Private Donations Reach $55,000 to Replace Destroyed Ten Commandments Monument 
Sanctuary Cities Promise to Make 1 Million Immigrants Citizens in 2017 
RT @MirrorCeleb: Poldark co-stars pictured looking VERY cosy partying at festival: 
It is unclear whether the Russian lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, produced the promised information about Clinton 
The meeting, held in Trump Tower on June 9, 2016, was also attended by Paul J. Manafort and Jared Kushner 
British actor quits Hollywood to fight Isis 
These are the countries around the world that still haven't legalised gay marriage 
Donald Trump Jr. was promised damaging information about Hillary Clinton before meeting with a Russian lawyer 
RT @APSouthRegion: Teenager's suicide last fall emblematic of problems at the New Orleans jail. 
The exploration of China's mysterious sky graveyards reveals hanging coffins perched on cliffs and in caves… 
United Airlines removes child from $1,000 seat to give to passenger without a ticket 
RT @MirrorCeleb: Cristiano Ronaldo holidays with 'pregnant' girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez: 
Dustin Pedroia's 7th-inning homer not enough as Boston Red Sox gives up lead and loses four-game series to Rays 
EU chief mocks UK's Brexit ambitions with comparison to limbless Monty Python knight 
VIRAL VIDEO: Last night, before boarding Marine One, @POTUS​ retrieved a Marine's hat, & the moment is taking the I… 
Woman given heart at five months old says she owes her life to donor's family #OptOut 
A very surprising Labour MP got involved with the Oh Jeremy Corbyn chant 
Manager has brilliant response to rude customer on TripAdvisor 
How to get a dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts for 80 cents in July 
Police officers who failed to help murdered refugee despite years of pleas displayed 'hallmarks of racism' 
The self-immolation of a Tunisian vendor set off the Arab Spring. 7 years later, the act has become commonplace.… 
Parents of premature babies are able to feed and give them medication in pioneering scheme 
Mums share views on what age you should stop siblings bathing together 
Firefighters in California continue to battle growing wildfires amid a record-breaking heatwave… 
.@LawrenceBJones3: The 'Resistance' Is Helping Trump 2020 
iPhone 8 may not have wireless charging on release day 
Mystery of 2,000-year-old Roman concrete solved by scientists 
All babies to be given vaccine against hepatitis B as infection rates soar 
Families remember over 800 sailors killed in a Royal Navy disaster - with just 2 survivors 
This smart wallet has a built-in camera for catching thieves 
.@jessebwatters Gets Wrestling Fans' Take on @POTUS's @CNN Body-Slam Tweet 
.@MissDiagnosis: "This President is rightfully & legally elected to power. calling us to resist that.…
