Express started on http://localhost:3000; press Ctrl-C to terminate
got some tweets
RT @AP_Travel: Subscribe to @AP_Travel's Get Outta Here! #podcast at 
This is how much of autism is genetic 
These ‘Barbie lawyers' get the job done 💅   via @DailyMail 
Britain faces soaring cost of Brussels pensions 
Menendez defense team seeks to undercut theory of corrupt intent 
The US military is planning to deploy the USNS Comfort hospital ship to assist with FEMA's response in Puerto Rico… 
The UK has tumbled in a ranking of top destinations for expats following the June 2016 vote for Brexit… 
RT @AP_Lifestyles: #Velcro drops a music video it hopes will stick: Don't Say Velcro! 
Opinion: The Jones Act raises prices on Puerto Ricans and will make recovery from Hurricane Maria that much harder 
.@billoreilly on mainstream media: "Not only do they want to destroy #PresidentTrump, but anyone who voted for him.… 
Trump candidate loses Alabama primary 
BREAKING: Former state Chief Justice Roy Moore wins GOP runoff for Alabama’s U.S. Senate seat. 
The government is again looking at the use of private email – this time with a twist of irony.  
Health care failure, Corker retirement give Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell a rough day… 
Enough dragon talk. Jon Snow is going to wed Ygritte: 
Firebrand Roy Moore defeats Trump-backed incumbent Ala. Sen. Luther Strange in GOP runoff for Senate seat. 
RT @BBCNewsEnts: It's been officially confirmed that Game of Thrones Stars Kit Harington and Rose Leslie are engaged 
JUST IN: @lutherstrange concedes Alabama @GOP Senate primary to @MooreSenate 
Microsoft is releasing Office 2019 next year 
Roy Moore has won the Alabama GOP primary runoff 
Roy Moore overcame efforts by top Republicans to rescue his rival, Senator Luther Strange, in the Alabama GOP runoff 
RT @MirrorTech: Watch out Tesla! Dyson is working on its own electric car for release in 2020 
BREAKING: Roy Moore has won the Alabama Senate runoff election, beating incumbent Luther Stange, CNN projects… 
.@billoreilly: "The far left wants to drive the narrative that the USA is an evil country. Why? They want to change… 
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh to face challenger Tito Jackson in November 
DHS does not plan to extend an October 5 deadline for DACA recipients to renew their status, DOJ attorney says… 
From Jersey burnings to players being uninvited, backlash to the #TakeAKnee protest grows 
RT @ByJayKing: Kyrie Irving had his first two Celtics practices today. Not sure if you've heard. Here's a rundown: 
President Trump is planning to slash the number of refugees allowed into the U.S. 
HIV patients who drink 3 cups of coffee a day DOUBLED their survival chances 
Breaking News: Roy Moore won a GOP Senate runoff in Alabama, the AP said, dealing a blow to President Trump 
.@billoreilly: Can you imagine putting your life on the line...&amp; seeing your American players disrespect the countr… 
Dave Chappelle takes on white supremacy at 'Def Comedy Jam 25' 
Here's everything you need to know about the Alabama Senate race 
Larry David says he "didn't need to study tape" of Bernie Sanders because he talks just like David's cousin.… 
Not all heroes wear capes. This one was a suited-up groom who jumped into a lake to save a drowning child… 
RT @AssociatedPress: New report: A guide for journalists to the next generation of immersive storytelling 
.@michellemalkin on national anthem protests: "If they keep doubling down on stupid, @NFL is going to stand for 'No… 
Sessions: 'We Need to Push Back' on Constriction of Free Speech on Campus #Tucker 
RT @MikeRPlaisance: Jay Ferreira on Holyoke mayoral ballot w/2nd place prelim finish, by @JeanetteDeForge  
Alabama election live results
3 storms, 3 responses: Comparing the recovery efforts after Harvey, Irma and Maria 
.@seanhannity on @NFL national anthem protests: "Saturday is now my official football day unless, and until, this i… 
Fans can't get enough of this sublime interaction between Chris Pratt and Chris Evans
#AP10Things to Know for Weds.: Obamacare replacement push "dead as a doornail;" whose private emails draw fire. 
Bill O'Reilly set to appear on Fox News for first time since his ouster in April amid sexual harassment allegations… 
AG Maura Healey sues JD Byrider 'Buy Here Pay Here' car dealerships 
.@seanhannity: There's a lot of people in the mainstream media...they want the voice of this show silenced. They wa… 
'Homosexual conduct should be illegal,' and 5 other things GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore has said 
Tom Wopat is in trouble again.  
The acting administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, Chuck Rosenberg, will step down this week… 
How to help Puerto Rico: 12 effective ways to donate money 
Mexico City school complied with quake building rules on paper - but was recent construction factor in collapse? 
Coca-Cola donates an additional $4.3M in the wake of Hurricane Maria and Mexico quakes, tripling its contribution… 
Holyoke preliminary election: Ward 3 Councilor David Bartley finishes 1st place, Darlene Elias 2nd 
Boston Celtics guard Marcus Smart's improved physique is notable, per Brad Stevens: 'I think we all can tell' 
Evening Briefing: Here's what you need to know at the end of the day 
RT @ByJayKing: Here's Brad Stevens on why he moved the training camp location after the Kyrie Irving trade: 
.@WhitlockJason: Most Protesting @NFL Players Are 'Out Beyond Their Skis' | #Tucker 
'Disingenuous Nonsense': #Tucker Says Kneeling-Supporting Elites Would 'Call for Your Job' Over Opposing Opinions 
TUNE IN: @seanhannity has a must-see interview with @billoreilly at 9p ET. Don't miss #Hannityat9.… 
Follow along for live updates on Alabama’s Republican US Senate primary runoff 
Dubai starts testing crewless two-person flying taxis
Rapper B.o.B. raising funds to check if Earth is flat 
RT @MikeRPlaisance: #Holyoke Mayor Alex Morse, Jay Ferreira win preliminary vote
“I want to apologize. I was frustrated and angry at the Steelers not standing for the anthem." 
10 people arrested and accused of fraud and corruption in scheme dubbed the "dark underbelly of college basketball" 
After Hurricane Maria, people are often resorting to extreme lengths to reach loved ones in Puerto Rico 
Springfield man killed in Baldwin Street shooting 
AG Jeff Sessions: "Every American, no matter what their views on the issues, should stand for America, should salut… 
This is what Anthony Bourdain always orders on a plane 
Heidi Gardner, Luke Null and Chris Redd will join the late-night institution for Saturday's 43rd season premiere.  
Some in Amherst calling on school committees to launch national superintendent search
Seahawks' Pete Carroll: "There's an empathy that needs to be understood if we're going to make any movement forward" 
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll: Players' National Anthem protest has "nothing to do" with the flag 
Do US universities have a free speech problem? 
An "SOS" and request for water &amp; food in Punta Santiago, #PuertoRico (Photo: Angelina Ruiz-Lambides/Cayo Santiago B… 
"It finally dawned on me that all this technology meant to calm agitated parents actually agitates us more" 
Tesla and Google competitor Bosch shows us it's autonomous future: 
Jimmy Kimmel fires back at critics calling him a health care 'puppet' 
This kitten would have drowned without their help! 
Desperation in Puerto Rico 
.@WhitlockJason: I don't want to generalize about police officers the way I don't want white people generalizing ab… 
Votes are being counted in Alabama Senate race between Roy Moore and Luther Strange 
#CNNTownHall: "Patriotism, the Players and the President." @andersoncooper brings together the key voices, Wednesda… 
