Five hurt as Edmonton attacks spark terror investigation 
Goldman family statement on O.J. Simpson's release @ANHQDC 
Robert Schalk: "The laws in Florida are so friendly to O.J. Simpson that his NFL pension... any properties in his n… 
Oxford college removes painting of Aung San Suu Kyi 
In Interview, Father of Girl Hit by Ball at Yankee Stadium Recounts Ordeal 
RT @AP_Oddities: Did that really happen? A roundup of four weeks of AP's stranger-than-fiction news.
RT @DailyMailUK: .@KTHopkins: 'Trying to suppress the Catalans will make them louder.’ 
5 high-paying jobs that will make you miserable 
Tens of thousands of Catalans came out to vote on an independence referendum. Clashes left hundreds injured. 
Gov. John Kasich on Trump’s Puerto Rico tweets: “That is not appropriate … You have to be bigger than the nonsense” 
Massive majority votes for Catalan independence 
Game gifting comes to the Xbox One's online store 
The Latest: Trump dedicates Presidents Cup golf trophy to hurricane victims in Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. 
Allan Smith on North Korea: "@POTUS has said very recently that diplomacy is not off the table." @ANHQDC… 
A knife-wielding man killed at least two women in Marseille, France, before police killed the suspect… 
Trump goes on defense, O.J. Simpson is freed and ‘SNL’ returns. Here are the weekend’s top stories
Playmates reveal what it was really like to live with Hugh: 9pm curfew, obliged to perform  'sexual activities' 
Allan Smith: "@POTUS does sort of like to project that 'madman theory' on foreign policy... it seems likely he enjo… 
Saudi Arabia will lift its ban on women drivers 
The Latest: Islamic State group claims links to the slayings in the southern French city of Marseille. 
Brides-to-be share their last minute wedding jitters in shocking confessions 
The death toll from Mexico's magnitude 7.1 earthquake has risen to 361; 8 still missing in collapse. 
Theresa May says tuition fees will be kept at £9,250 
.@POTUS: Talking to Kim Jong Un a waste, 'will do what needs to be done' @ANHQDC 
Quiz: How long will you live? 
Tom Brady might not be able to save the Patriots this year.   
Chicopee crash leaves 3 injured, closes road 
Scandal 101: Equifax repeated Wells Fargo's mistakes 
ISIS claims responsibility for Marseille train station attack; 2 women killed 
Cameroon independence protests result in deaths 
A chocolate chip cookie, thin with crisp ripples that run to the edges, finds Instagram fame 
Teenager who 'tried to kill baby' with poisoned breast milk 'has no ounce of guilt' 
.@Mets manager Terry Collins to resign after team's final game this season, source says 
Rafael Devers' 2-run double, Hector Velazquez's 4 shutout innings not enough, Boston #RedSox lose to Astros… 
Opinion: @realDonaldTrump blasted as 'Bum-in-Chief,' 'racist' and 'Neanderthal,' and even more epic media bias 
RT @AP_Europe: Her son was the first victim as 2012 attack ushered in an era of terror for France  
RT @DailyMailCeleb: Stars share their cringiest pre-pubescent photos for 'PuberMe' challenge 
RT @AP_Sports: Video games in the Olympics? Here's how it might work. 
Red Sox facing Astros this weekend has helped ahead of playoffs, not hurt 
The career mistake you don't realize you're making 
Ohio Gov. John Kasich hints at leaving GOP if it's not "fixed"
Whole Foods sparks outrage over sign telling customers not to give money to homeless people 
Indonesian priests climb to the top of Bali's smoking Mount Agung after being 'told by god' to make offerings 
Police fired rubber bullets as people tried to vote in #CatalanReferendum, Barcelona's deputy mayor says… 
One of O.J. Simpson's best friends confirmed "The Juice" is headed to Naples, Florida, following his release. 
.@FLOTUS announced that tonight the @WhiteHouse will be lit in pink in honor of National Breast Cancer Awareness Mo… 
Ruth Davidson says 'serious people' needed for Brexit after Boris Johnson's 'glorious future' comments 
Fashion Review: In the Russian Embassy with Comme des Garçons and Other Weirdness 
Mormon leader Robert D. Hales dies; served on top panel 
If music gives you goosebumps, your brain might be special 
The Yankees are taking the step 10 days after a young girl was hit in the face by a line drive. 
Exclusive: The father of a little girl hit in the face by a ball at Yankee Stadium urged the team to focus on safety 
MONDAY on Fox News: "@OutnumberedOT with @HarrisFaulkner​" debuts at 1p ET, and "@DailyBriefing with @DanaPerino​"… 
.@GovMikeHuckabee on @MichelleObama's remarks that women who voted for @POTUS over @HillaryClinton "voted against t… 
FCC Chairman wants Apple to enable FM in iPhones for emergencies 
How to be a good kisser – 10 tips from scientific research 
Catalan referendum: Hundreds sing anthem at Barcelona rally 
37-year-old man shot in drive-by shooting dies, Chelsea police say 
10 years ago, a Jamaican modeling industry barely existed. Now island talent is blossoming. 
Earlier today, #NFL players raised their fists during the national anthem.  
Tomorrow's front page: Sub's skipper 'axed over onboard relationship' 
As Puerto Rico lies in ruins, Trump spent his 67th day as President at a golf course 
Two women killed in French train attack. 
Catalonia's leader says region has won right to independence from Spain 
Donald Trump just completely broke with presidential precedent 
How this photographer took one of the Vietnam War's most iconic photos. 
For decades, advertisers have striven to stay away from any topic that might prove divisive. Times have changed. 
A woman's body-positive photoshoot went viral. So the bank she works for fired her 
Spanish Prime Minister claims victory over Catalan separatists saying police STOPPED their 'illegal' vote 
25 trips to take in your lifetime 
The Catalan independence referendum is a much bigger issue for the EU than Brexit 
Tomorrow's @independent front page #tomorrowspaperstoday To subscribe to the Daily Edition: 
.@ESPNDrLou on @NFL Protests: I Told My Teams to Leave Their Causes at Home 
Puerto Ricans fire back at Trump for critical tweets
Tale of two cities 
Despite his shaky path with the world, the enigmatic musician Daniel Johnson isn’t ready to give up his dream 
The Latest: Man with a knife kills two women at the main train station in the French city of Marseille. 
.@JudgeJeanine: "@DeanHeller of Nevada, @JeffFlake of Arizona - we are gunning for your seats."… 
Florida millionaire shelters 70 foster children displaced by Hurricane Irma
The Latest: Catalan president Carles Puigdemont says Catalonia "has won the right to become an independent state." 
RT @EricShawnTV: More #PresidentTrump North Korea tweets. I anchor at 6 pm ET @FoxNews, Watch  @JMfreespeech: 
RT @MirrorCeleb: Love Island's Olivia furious after discovering Chris's secret - which Amber knew
Donald Trump confronted by second week of NFL protests 
The Latest: Separatists urge Catalonia government to declare independence from Spain after police crackdown on vote. 
Nuclear sub captain stripped of command over relationship with junior officer
EPIC! Entire high school football team runs onto field with American flags!    
